## Found comparison algo
So after a couple of days of research (and family events! When it rains it pours...) I've set up this repo and found a pixel comparison algorithm to use to compare images.

The steps of this algorithm are as follows:
  1. Visit every pixel, break it down into its parts: R, G, B, & A (in go: image.At(x,y).RGBA())
  2. Subtract the RGBA vals from their corresponding pixel vals in the reference image.
  3. Square the differences, add them up.
  4. Take the square root of the total sum.

This should give me a value telling me how much the images differ (0 for no difference up to I believe 0.5 for 100% different).

It's not optimized for pictures that are different resolutions or sizes yet though. Will have to throw a lot of test data at it to see how it performs

## Find elapsed time solution
As it happens I can use `time.Now()` and `time.Since()` already in golang within my comparison function once I get it working! So that should help with acceptable execution time. This is also a neat feature because go's built in `defer` statement can be used with a custom function to refine it further to make sure that `time.Now()` really is the start of each comparison function.

## Next steps...
After I can get the script to open a local image I'll work on opening and reading the contents of a CSV file, apply my comparison function to each pair of images (that for now I'll keep locally in this dir)
and then write the output into another csv file.

Will then need to:
- add code to fetch images from online to compare.
- start writing tests!!! (Really should have tried TDD, but I didn't and now here I am.)
- write webserver to have this as an API
- set up deploy pipeline et al.


